Include Gaussian filter in theory section (#2025)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/theory/multiphase/cfd_dem/unresolved_cfd-dem.rst

.. math:: 
      \epsilon_f (\mathbf{x}_q,t) = 1-\sum_{i}{k_r \left (\lVert \mathbf{x}_q - \mathbf{x}_i \rVert \right ) V_{\mathrm{p},i}}
    
The weighting function is also used to compute the fluid–particle momentum exchange term. Integrating this term over the computational domain demonstrates that the formulation also satisfies Newton’s third law for both kernels (the corresponding expression is shown for Model B without loss of generality):

.. math:: 
      \int_{\Omega} \mathbf{f}_{\mathrm{pf}}  d\mathbf{x} = \sum_{q} \sum_{i}{\left(-\mathbf{F}_{{\mathrm{fp},i}} \right) k_r \left (\lVert \mathbf{x}_q - \mathbf{x}_i \rVert \right )} \times w_q|J| = \sum_{i} \left(-\mathbf{F}_{{\mathrm{fp},i}} \right)

where :math:`w_q|J|` is the weight at the quadrature point located at :math:`\mathbf{x}_q`, multiplied by the volume of the cell containing the quadrature point. 

Two types of weighting kernels centered on the quadrature points can be used in Lethe: a top hat kernel defined using the intersection of the particles with a sphere and a Gaussian kernel.

The Particle-Sphere Intersection Kernel
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> An averaging volume sphere is constructed around each quadrature point. All particles lying in the sphere will contribute to the void fraction value at this quadrature point. Therefore, a cell will be affected by the particles lying in it and in its neighboring cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An averaging kernel is constructed around each quadrature point. All particles lying in the kernel will contribute to the void fraction value at this quadrature point. Therefore, a cell will be affected by the particles lying in it and in its neighboring cells.
```

where :math:`G\left (\lVert \mathbf{x}_q - \mathbf{x}_i \rVert \right )` is the Gaussian function defined as:
 
.. math:: 
    G\left (\lVert \mathbf{x}_q - \mathbf{x}_i \rVert \right ) = \frac{1}{(2\pi\sigma^2)^{3/2}} \exp\left(-\frac{\lVert \mathbf{x}_q - \mathbf{x}_i \rVert^2}{2\sigma^2}\right)

with :math:`\sigma` being the standard deviation of the Gaussian distribution, controlling the spread of the kernel. This kernel is also normalized to ensure mass conservation over the whole domain.

Regardless of its type, the kernel must be sufficiently wide to ensure that all particles in the domain contribute to the averaged void fraction. This can be achieved by selecting an adequate number of quadrature points together with an appropriate kernel length, :math:`R_{\rm{qcm}}` (radius of the sphere intersection kernel and standard deviation for the Gaussian kernel). However, in Lethe, the kernel length is currently constrained by the mesh resolution. Since each cell only has access to its direct neighboring cells, the weighting kernel cannot extend beyond this local neighborhood. Consequently, the kernel length must satisfy:

.. math:: 
    R_{\rm{qcm}} \leq h_{\Omega}

> where :math:`h_{\Omega}` denotes the characteristic cell size to ensure access to the particles. In addition, for the Gaussian kernel, larger values of :math:`\sigma` would produce a filter increasingly similar to a top-hat kernel, so the smoothing properties of the Gaussian formulation would not be fully exploited. This limitation may be relaxed in future versions of Lethe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where :math:`h_{\Omega}` denotes the characteristic cell size to ensure access to the particles.
```
If sigma is very big, the Gaussian still won't behave like a top-hat filter.

Author: Very true
